>> Steve Kinney: We have a little extra
bonus code here that we don't need,
which is that we are still
adding it to state manually.
And removing it from State manually,
whenever we add and
remove posts and now we can just delete
all that code that we just wrote.
Now you might say well why
wouldn't I always want this?
It all really depends, right,
if this is, it could be that you might
only want to fetch this data once.
You might not want to necessarily
subscribe to every change,
like those queries.
You might choose to just fetch it once and
have it and store it,
it all depends on your use case.
I would say subscribing to this is fine,
because things can come
in basically streaming.
It does provide some state management
challenges that we'll face later, but
it's really up to you, all right?
If you don't necessarily want to fetch the
data all the time, you can fetch it once.
You can subscribe to the changes,
either one of them Firebase allows you
to do both which is pretty awesome.
So let's go ahead and delete some code.
So the first thing is in handleCreate and
get rid of this, I don't need
the reference to the documents
since I'm replacing all the State.
I don't need to format that,
I don't need to set state anymore,
I can basically
>> Steve Kinney: Slim it down
to a one-liner, which is take the post,
add the post to firestore.
Firestore will then eventually,
the subscription will update stuff,
handleRemove again
>> Steve Kinney: That's really all that
needs to happen, is change the data store.
The data store will tell the Application
that everything has changed,
and it should all work.
We have more code to remove, but
let's start with this right now.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, adding works,
removing works still for both of them.
The nice thing now, too, is theoretically,
we don't need to communicate this all the
way back up to the Application components.
Before, because the Application
component held on to the State and
we had to modify it in
the Application component.
We basically passed those functions
down to addPost into the post itself to
remove it.
And then let it call back up to
modify the Application state.
But now because Firebase is in control
of it, we don't need to do that anymore.
So we can probably even get rid of
these two methods completely and
just put them where we need them.
So let's go ahead and
do that, so for instance,
we can take this Functionality right here,
we can go into the Post itself.
>> Steve Kinney: And we can say
>> Steve Kinney: I'm gonna go ahead and
make a postRef because I know that the
next thing we're gonna do is an update.
Where I'm gonna wanna change
the number of stars on one as well.
So what I'm going to do is I'm
gonna hold on to that reference so
I don't need to write it twice.
>> Steve Kinney: Nope.
>> Steve Kinney: So we'll have the PostRef
and then we'll have const remove.
>> Steve Kinney: That'll
just be postRef.delete.
>> Steve Kinney: And
instead of this down here.
We'll simply say onClick, just remove it,
this Star button I'm about to let
you implement update in a second.
So just to point it out star's right here,
so
we have the ability to remove we
don't need that onRemove anymore.
>> Steve Kinney: Which means
we don't need it here as well.
>> Steve Kinney: We actually
don't even need onCreate anymore,
because we can actually go
into the AddPost itself.
>> Steve Kinney: Instead of calling
onCreate, we can say firestore.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's see that
I imported the right one, yeah.
>> Steve Kinney: Just add it right here,
you don't need to pass
an onCreate anymore.
>> Steve Kinney: Which means
I can remove these two.
>> Steve Kinney: Remove these two methods.
>> Steve Kinney: Awesome,
I deleted a lot of code, so
let's go verify that things work.
>> Steve Kinney: They show up on both,
I can delete them on both, right, so
it's a lot less code.
Once we can just use Firebase,
modify the database, and
have Firebase tell the Application
component what's going on, right?
So we're still passing the data down, but
now because we don't need to necessarily
need to pass every function down.
And we'll see other ways that we can
actually make this really useful as well
because we're still
passing the data through.
By the end of this workshop,
we're gonna have some strategies for
creating providers in context
in higher order components.
So we don't even necessarily
need to do that, but
right now we can at least
have the actions in place.